Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're going to be looking at floats in the piping language.
So any number with a decimal point is called a float.
And why is it called that.
Well it's because a decimal point can appear at any position in a number plate and if any number in
your calculation is a float then the result will be two.
So let's take a look at some simple examples.
One plus one point.
Oh.
Both have the same value.
Let's have a look at the output 2.0.
Perfect 2.0
multiplied by 3.0 6.0.
Perfect that's do division point zero.
Divide it by 2.0 1.5.
Very good.
Sometimes you can get an arbitrary number of decimal places in your answer.
And let's have a look at what that looks like 0.2 plus zero point 1.
There we go.
And that's just one of those things that pops up from time to time in Python and other programming languages.
For the moment just ignore the extra decimal places and we're just gonna have to deal with them later.
Thank you.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.